Well I want to pass the quote count and the number, maximum number of quotes. I do both have in my app.vue file,
max quotes is hardcoded and I do have my quotes array,
so I can simply pass this by pass saying quote count, this is the name
I gave the prop in here and setting this equal to quotes, my array length and max quotes can simply be
max quotes,
this is what I named it down here too.
But then I'm passing the relevant data
and if I save this, we already see this works fine,
the fact that it has this smooth animation comes from the css classes used there, that's all bootstrap,
nothing I programmed there.
The last thing is that once I hit 10, I want to give myself a warning that I shall first delete an
item before adding any more.
Well to get this, I will simply go to the new quote method here and here, I will simply check if this quotes
length is greater or equal the maximum quote number
and if that is the case, well then I will return an alert
where I say please delete quotes first.
And with that in place, you can now see that if I add a couple of quotes here until I add the maximum, I get
this warning
and I have to delete some quotes before I can continue adding new ones.
This is the finished application, using components to structure this nice looking app, using slots, passing
data around, using a lot of the concepts we learned in the last modules,
so I hope you now feel really confident using components, using all their features,
seeing how they connect to all the other things we learned throughout the course like binding to styles and
so on.
And with that, we're well prepared to move on to the next course modules.